SRVKS-261: Removing Knative Serving remains (#17165)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-uninstalling-knative-serving.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// serverless/installing-openshift-serverless.adoc

[id="uninstalling-knative-serving_{context}"]
= Uninstalling Knative Serving

To uninstall Knative Serving, you must remove its custom resource and delete the `knative-serving` namespace. 

.Prerequisite

* Installed Knative Serving

.Procedure

. To remove Knative Serving, use the following command:
+
----
oc delete knativeserving knative-serving -n knative-serving
----

> . After the command has completed, use the following command to delete the `knative-serving` namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After the command has completed and all pods have vanished from the `knative-serving` namespace, remove the namespace with the following command:
```

+
----

>  delete namespace knative-serving

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oc delete namespace knative-serving
```
